Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[woman screams]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
- I can't--
I can't count anymore.
- You're doing so good.
- Again?
Yeah.
- Okay.
- We're almost there.
Just give me one final push.
- Okay. baby.
- Okay.
- Keep breathing.
[woman groans]
Oh!
Oh my God!
Baby. it's here.
[baby cries]
- It's a boy.
- Is he okay?
- He's perfect.
[piano music]
♪♪
♪ Fortress. fortress
Let me in your fortress?
♪ Soldier. stand down
There's no chance♪
- Baby. you did it.
- ♪ We're meant for each other♪
♪ It's love♪
♪ Affection truly one-sided♪
[music ends]
[man & woman both scream]
[thunder rumbling]
[rain pouring down]
- See. this Ripper asshole
has popped a dozen victims.
And you know the cops
don't have a clue.
What do you think
he does with the children?
It's gotta be either
barbecue or art.
Am I right?
From what I've heard
is left of the bodies.
- Agnes. that's wretched.
Please don't make me
think about that stuff.
- [thunder cracks]
- Mister Mox.
- Do you think the Ripper
is targeting witches
or just women with children?
- Mama. come on.
- It's okay.
- ♪ You belong to me♪
♪ In your fortress. fortress
Let me in your fortress♪
♪ Soldier stand down
There's no chance♪
♪ Clear that. it's a lot♪
♪ Attraction...♪♪
- See?
It's just a storm--
[glass breaking]
[child giggles]
[thunder cracks]
[eerie music]
♪♪
[distant bang]
- No.
- I know. I know.
- Mommy. don't.
Mommy. keep calm.
[thunder rumbles]
But. Mommy.
- I know.
Okay.
- Let's go back.
- Oh. what's in this place?
You be a good little shark
for Mommy.
Stay put and watch cartoons
until I come back. okay.
[cartoons playing]
Okay.
[breathing deeply]
- Humanity is at
each other's throats.
That kid in there
is a beautiful...
...and the dark world
can start fresh.
- No love for pumpkin-spiced
lattes and avocado toast.
- AF.
- ...tell past time
doesn't change the fact
that the fires will consume...
[indistinct] ...in the pit
and the Dark Lord will
have his moment in the sun
before you know.
it cools to a dark mass
and is extinguished.
Yada ya.
So say if the Dark Lord.
so mote it be.
I'm Evanora
and I'm done speaking.
- Oh. come on.
- [distorted speech]
- Hello?
Shit. fuck. hello?
- Woah. sister. you kiss your
kid with that mouth?
- Listen. no joke.
I'm pretty sure
the Ripper is here.
Now. like.
inside my freaking house!
- No shit. hun.
like this is for real.
- Yes. this is for real.
- Okay. settle down. sis.
You want us to call the cops?
- Come on. man.
she'll be long dead
before the cops get there.
- Wow. that makes me feel
a lot better.
Thanks. Evanora.
[eerie music]
♪♪
[breathing heavily]
[thunder cracks]
[chuckles]
Sorry. sisters.
there's nothing there.
I must be losing my mind.
- That's not what
the spirits are saying.
[thunder cracks]
- I told you there was no there.
Seriously.
- Dammit M.
who are you gonna believe?
Your wine-addled eyes
or the spirits of our
long dead sisters?
- Oh. I'm serious.
A new topic. okay.
You're just nuts.
- What have you gals been doing
for exercise in captivity?
Now. what have you...
Hey. you still there. sisters?
Did her signal cut out?
Can you hear us?
[screaming]
[coughs]
- Shh.
- [grunting. screaming]
- [grunting in effort]
[panting]
- Mommy?
Mommy.
Where are you?
I'm coming.
- [groans]
- Where are you. Mommy?
- I'm scared.
- Uh. sounds
absolutely agonizing.
- You can do it. M.
Hang in there.
- Mommy?
[indistinct phone conversation]
- [grunting]
- It's dark.
Mommy. it's dark.
[door creaks]
- [grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[chocking]
[blood spurting]
- That rat clown
goblin-faced fuck!
- What the hell do we do
about the freaking kid?
[eerie music begins]
[toy squeaks]
[boy screams]
- Let go! Let--
You scary monster!
Let go!
Let go of me!
Let--
- Your sister fights
from beyond the grave.
Lend her your voices.
Grant her your strength
to defend her dearest love.
- Soldier standing.
there's no escape.
[indistinct lyrics]
- [growling]
- [Ripper whimpering]
[Ripper whimpering]
[Ripper screaming]
- [child chuckles]
- [Ripper chocking]
- [growling]
- Mommy.
[chuckles]
- You think the kid'll keep
with her in that condition?
- I mean. she's bound by blood
and spirit to protect him.
So. it should be okay. right?
- I'm beat.
Let's worry about it next week.
- Oh. sounds like a plan.
- Ah. deep breaths sisters.
Calling in the gods
and guardians from the corners.
All elements.
earth. air. fire. water.
Close and protect our sister
in your graces.
Keep her
in your protective realm.
We shall return to her.
as above so below.
as within so without.
So mote it be.
- And so it is.
[phone clicks]
[eerie music]
♪♪
[music ends]
- Would you grab the crate?
- What do you think I'm doing?
- Just checking.
This is a big job.
- Dad. I know.
[knocking on door]
- Hello?
Hello?
- In here.
Hi.
- Hey
We talked on the phone.
I'm David.
this is my son Robert.
- Hi.
Well. thank you both
for coming out.
You know. I know this was
a last minute scheduling
but as you can see.
the bones of the building
are in good shape.
I figured I can leave
you guys to it
and check back some time
in the morning.
- Uh. we'll get as far
as we can today but uh.
this will take
a couple of days at least.
- Oh.
I'm sorry.
I was under the impression that
this could be done overnight.
We're on a very tight schedule
and the next team has to start
the second you're done.
- The second we're done?
Have you seen this place?
- Well. my son. he just...
There's a lot of work to do.
We can't leave behind
any spores. mould. anything.
Or it will all just grow
right back.
- Well. I can certainly
understand that
but isn't there any way
we could speed up the process
a little closer to my timeline?
- One night. really?
- It's good money.
- You know.
there's no way for us
to be done in time.
Not if we do this right.
- It'll be passable.
- It'll be garbage.
Wallace and Son.
that's my name on the van. too.
You should let me have a say
in this kind of thing.
- You don't have the first clue
how to run a business.
And until you do.
you don't get to tell me
how to do things.
- Okay.
How am I supposed to know
how to run things
if you never let me part
of that conversation?
- Jesus.
If you wanna be in control
of things so bad.
why don't you take control
of picking up that dead rat
you spotted in the hall?
Think you can manage that?!
[flies buzzing]
- [coughing]
- You okay there?
- [grunting]
Yeah. it's just--
It's grosser than i thought.
- Hey.
You hungry?
- So.
I looked up this house.
And it's no wonder why
they want it so bad.
because last owner
of the building
died of some fungus
disease thing.
- Doesn't surprise me.
Old places like this.
takes over in a hurry.
if no one's paying attention.
- Or if nobody does
the right job.
[humming]
- What are you humming?
- I don't know.
Just stuck in my head.
- The song. what is it?
- I don't know.
I must have heard it earlier.
[distant humming]
- ♪ Stand down
There's no chance♪
- [whispers] ♪ It's love♪
- My God. Robert.
are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Your ear.
- Huh.
Um.
I'm gonna. I'm just gonna
go wash this off.
[eerie music]
♪♪
- [whispers] You belong to me.
[indistinct singing]
♪ It's just me and it's you♪
[whispers] You belong to me.
[eerie music builds]
♪♪
[whispers] You belong to me.
[growling. screeching]
- Dad.
Dad.
[grunts]
Dad?
Dad!
Dad...
- ♪ Still not gone
And here is home♪
♪ You really thought
You went home♪
♪ Don't avoid my love♪
♪ I'm your one true salvation
From her♪
♪ In your fortress♪
♪ Let me in fortress♪
♪ Fortress. in your fortress♪
♪ Soldier. stand down♪
♪ Soldier. stand down
♪ There's no chance♪
♪ There's no...♪♪
[music ends]
[panicked breathing]
[blood spurting]
["Ave Maria"]
♪♪
♪ Ave Maria♪
♪ Gratia plena♪
- I can't believe my little girl
is going to be 30.
- Time to settle down.
How about you maybe
give me a grandchild?
- And rent my body to a parasite
for nine months?
No. thank you.
- Mrs. Jones' son
has two children already
and he's only 28.
- Oh. well. maybe I should
just give him a call.
That sounds horrible.
- Uh.
- What is with the black?
- Mark of respect for the dead.
Your youth. your lust.
your dreams.
- Oh. well. makes you look fat.
- Hmm. fat and old.
welcome to the club. sis.
- Don't listen to him. Lauren.
Thirties are the best.
It's when one's really awakened.
- Got it.
- Sexually.
- I said. got it.
- Happy birthday.
- Party time.
- Someone's been drinking.
- Not a drop actually.
I'm off the sauce.
No booze before baby.
right. honey?
- Oh. he says
'cause I can't drink.
neither can he.
This is our pregnancy.
- [bald man laughs]
- Isn't that so boring?
- Yes.
Unbelievably boring.
- It's like I've always said.
radish is the most versatile
vegetable in the fridge.
- [chuckles]
I don't think so.
- Hey all.
Let's get turnt up. huh.
- You offering minors alcohol?
- That's illegal.
- But no. I just thought--
- We don't really do that.
- Plus. beer goes against
our brand.
- There you are.
Someone's been avoiding my DMs.
- [chuckles]
- I wanted to talk to you
about my new business.
I'm selling all new skincare.
- Oh. yeah.
- It's amazing.
I get to be my own boss.
I can make my own money
and they talked to me
about who I wanted
to get on board
and I thought about you.
because you're fabulous.
- Oh my God!
I don't want part
of the Pyramid Scheme.
- It's okay.
I'll send you some books.
- [exhales]
Turning 30 is the worst.
What happened to everybody?
I mean. we used to be cool.
Please. please tell me
you guys are drinking.
- Oh. anything to make Omid's
sympathy pregnancy bearable.
- Thank God.
- It's a bit of a sipper.
It's naturally fermented.
so it's a bit of a fizz to it.
but no sugar
and no hangover.
- It's a little bit
more expensive.
but you can really taste the
difference when you shop local.
- Good to know.
- Yeah.
But enough about groceries.
What's the boss over here?
Who's sleeping with who
these days?
- Well. we were actually
just talking about
our new favorite porn.
- Ooh. scandalous.
- It's this little thing called.
"real estate."
[all chuckle]
Oh my God.
yesterday I saw this
incredible four-bed
in Guildford.
It has a Belfast sink.
- Oh. gorgeous.
Can you imagine?
- The best thing
to come out in Belfast.
Except the Titanic anyway.
[Shannon & Olivia chuckle]
- Oh my God.
- You know. we've been
looking at this little place
just off Wilson Avenue.
Oh!
It's listed at 500k...
[pop music]
♪♪
Shots.
- Oh yes. girl.
- Shots.
- Sure. yeah.
- Ooh. what was that?
- Ginger and turmeric.
- Wow.
- What the fuck!
[pop music]
♪♪
What's that?
- Creep up much?
- Bee-bop.
- Sounds lit.
Can I try?
- No. you're too old.
- Excuse me?
- You can't do a bee-bop
in your 30s.
- It's not safe.
You'll get stuck.
- Okay. first off.
I'm barely 30.
and my generation
invented social media.
You...
Oh. you like that?
I could teach you if you want.
Get you ready for the clubs?
Just let me try.
- Seriously.
- No. it's okay.
We tried to warn her.
- Ooh. you're too. you old...
I'm Poppy.
I mean. I'm so pretty.
Whatever. I'm fine.
I still got it. yeah.
[pop music]
♪ Mmm♪
♪ Still not gone
I'm here to stay♪
♪ Really thought to run away♪
♪ Don't avoid♪
♪ Gonna love 'em
You want she...♪♪
[rumbling]
[distorted music]
- [growling]
- [screaming]
- Ba ba ba.
[chuckles]
- Okay.
[eerie music]
♪♪
[screams]
- Presents!
- Coming.
What the...
Mom?
Huh?
What the fuck?
No.
Oh God.
No. this can't be happening.
No. no. no. no. no.
Ew. ew.
Disgusting!
Aah!
- Welcome. Lauren.
- What's going on?
- This is what you wanted.
- What did you do to me?
- Now you can be a teen forever.
- I don't wanna be
a teenager again!
- And ever.
- I take it back.
- No. no.
[Lauren screams. pants]
Okay. It's--
It's just a bad dream.
Wake up. Lauren.
Wake up!
I'm okay with turning 30.
I'll get my life together.
I'll go to farmer's market
and I'll invest in Bitcoin.
I'll even move
to the countryside.
Thirty really is the best years
of your life.
Oh God.
There's no place like home.
I'm thirty. flirty.
and thriving.
[camera flash]
- You watch too many movies.
- We warned you. Lauren.
- But you wouldn't listen.
- Now you'll live here forever.
- That's not fair!
The 2000s were the worst!
You wouldn't understand.
no contour.
and high-wasted jeans.
Nobody looked good
in low-rise!
- Except for Britney.
- Obviously. except for Britney.
Everybody knows that.
- We told you
not to do the dance.
- Oh. the bee-bop.
The bee-bop.
I can delete the bee-bop.
Where's the phone. huh.
Come on.
The CDs... uh!
Ah. leave me alone!
No!
- Now this here
is the master suite.
Plenty of room for you folks
to spread out.
And for your luggage.
two closets.
There. and there.
All stocked with fresh towels.
Now. the bathroom is down
the hallway on the left.
But here on your right.
the most beautiful view
in all of Tennessee.
I promise you that.
You get up early enough
in the morning.
you can see the sun rise
right through your window.
So. what do you think. huh?
A little piece of heaven.
- It's nice.
- Uh. there's just one bed.
but I can bring up a cot
for the little fellow.
- No. it's fine.
I think it's fine.
we can make do.
You like it.
don't you. sweetie?
- So. what's around here?
Is there a place I can
get a drink or something?
- I don't think you're going
of find a bar out here.
- Was I talking to you or him?
- We've been stuck in a car
since 5:00.
- Oh. don't mention it.
Travel can be a blessing
and a curse.
I know.
[Innkeeper chuckles]
There isn't much around here.
I'm afraid.
It's part of its charm.
But. I do have a little stash
of Brandy.
I'd be delighted
to share it with you.
[eerie music]
♪♪
[indistinctly
chatter & laughter]
- You have other guests?
- College students.
They've come up from Uruguay.
Uh. Paraguay. um. po--
Puerto Rico. something.
- All girls?
- Yes.
They've come up to explore
the falls nearby.
They are beautiful
this time of year.
If you folks have a chance.
I've got some brochures
and some information
that I can show you.
- Is there a room
maybe further away?
- Oh. I don't think
they'll bother you.
- Oh. I just worry about this
little light sleeper of ours.
- Oh. we have quiet hours
every night.
starting at 9 o'clock.
It's house policy.
- Idina. where's my pills?
- What?
- My pills.
Christ Almighty.
- They're in there.
- Where? Huh?
Not here. not here.
- Hold on.
I'll find them.
- I swear if you didn't pack
my pills...
- Say. you like ice cream?
- Just please...
- I bet you do.
What's your favorite flavor?
- I'm doing the best I can.
- Strawberry?
- This isn't working.
- Chocolate?
Rocky Road?
- Oh. here.
Here.
I put them in this pocket.
I'd forgotten.
- Goddammit.
You're slipping!
- Hey. I always have ice cream.
Little boys need a good supper.
- Sorry.
He's so tired.
aren't you. sweetie?
Thank you for the room.
I think we'd like
to settle in now.
- Of course.
Just let me know if you--
if you need anything.
Any-- anything at all.
- Shit!
[eerie music]
♪♪
[clock clicking]
[girls laughing]
- [speaking Spanish]
[speaking Spanish]
- Girls. be careful now.
The trails are dangerous
up near the falls.
- Thank you.
- [speaking Spanish]
[girls laughing]
- Kids have gone missing
up there.
- [all] Gracias.
- [car door closing]
- [engine starts]
- [car door closes]
[pensive music]
♪♪
♪ In your fortress. fortress ♪
♪ Let me in your fortress♪
♪ Soldier. stand down
There's no chance♪
♪ We're mad for each other♪
♪ It's love♪
♪ Attraction truly one-sided♪
[knocking on door]
♪ In your fortress. fortress♪
- Excuse me. do you have
some extra towels?
- Oh. yes. of course.
Join me for a drink?
- I can't. My son...
- Oh. well.
bring the boy down here.
Fact is I promised him
some ice cream.
- He's sleeping.
- Well then.
he's alright. isn't he?
[music ends]
You look tired.
- To the bone.
- It's exhausting trying to keep
a house together.
Take it from an old innkeeper.
- I haven't slept
for three days.
- Oh honey.
you can't live like that.
- I have to be on guard.
- I know.
- I have to clean up his messes.
I can't...
I can't find a way out.
- You have to think
about your kid.
[woman cries]
There are people we can call.
- Oh.
I'm just so tired.
- People who can help.
- So tired.
- Ma'am?
[eerie music]
[door clicks shut]
Hello?
[car tires squealing]
[rustling]
[zipper whirring]
Son?
[screams]
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
There you go.
Alright.
- What is it?
What is up?
- Come on. now.
Keep walking. almost there.
[tense music]
♪♪
- Goddamn.
- [speaking Spanish]
- Idina?
[speaking Spanish]
- I nearly killed myself
for this bitch.
You couldn't wait?
- Just put her on the floor
in the bathroom.
You two shits
keep me famished.
[thud]
[tense music]
♪♪
- [grunt]
- [thud]
- We're gonna need more towels.
[etherial music]
♪♪
[church bells ringing]
- [gasps]
[car approaching]
- Only one of its kind
in the world.
See. most people wouldn't
even realize that.
Morgan with a fully electric
drive train.
She's a lot quicker
than the petrol version.
A whole magnitude quicker.
I suggest you to take her
on the track out back.
Till you feel like
she's really yours.
- Thank you. Ian.
[soft piano music]
♪♪
- Well now.
you're really mine.
[music ends]
- Yeah.
- I really like this one.
Right?
- Yeah.
I think it is very--
[overlapping speech]
- This is the electric one.
isn't it?
- Yes.
It's a 1957 Morgan.
- Wow.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
- It's a beauty. isn't it?
- Yeah. yeah. lovely.
[indistinct speech]
Oh. I see it's just--
- Anna!
Anna Fenchurch.
- Uh. I'm afraid you have me
at a disadvantage.
- I'm sorry.
I'm sure you get that a lot.
Patients and so forth.
You operated on my father.
Patrick Moss. my late father.
Oh no.
nothing to do with you.
Sorry. it's just.
these were Dad's favorite cars
and he never got
to ride in one.
- Would you like me to
give you a lift or--?
- Take me for a ride?
That would--
That would mean a lot.
♪ In your fortress♪
♪ Fortress♪
♪ Let me in your fortress♪
♪ Soldier. stand down♪
♪ There's no chance♪
♪ We're meant for each other♪
♪ It's love♪
♪ Attraction truly one-sided♪
[music ends]
- So what is it you do
at the Bodleian Library?
- Amazing place.
Nearly three centuries old.
I'm a researcher.
well. a collector.
more accurately.
- I didn't know the Bodleian
sold it's used books.
- So when I say collector.
I'm more a collector
of moments.
- A journalist?
Are you're telling moments
of history.
you're a curator?
- The King Cobell overtry
is a good example.
At a certain moment in time.
it split.
creating a unique leaf
dividing equally
between deciduous
and coniferous structures.
One moment
where energy built up
beneath the sub-atomic layer
to a point where it has
its own willpower.
a determination to forge
a new existence.
A precursor to magic.
[squealing]
That's what I collect.
- And write about it?
[squealing]
- Probably say it's time
to head back.
Now then.
let's not spoil such
a nice moment.
[eerie music]
♪♪
[music ends]
- [gasps]
- This book was written
before words existed.
The text hides pinpricks
and power
to capture a moment.
any original moment.
And I-- I'm sorry.
Find these in the rarity.
I'm afraid.
Conserving every aspect
of the moment.
I won't take any more
of your time.
- [exhales]
- Original. unparalleled.
[eerie music]
♪♪
[whooshing]
- This moment is mine.
- [thud]
- [grunting]
[panting]
My book.
- I'll return it.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[etherial music]
♪♪
[water dripping]
[music playing]
♪♪
- Alexis off.
Alexis off.
♪ Don't avoid my love♪
♪ In your fortress♪
♪ Fortress♪
♪ Let me in your fortress♪
♪ Hold dearest and down♪
♪ There is no escape...♪♪
- Alexis off.
- [Alexis beeps]
- Danny?
[etherial music]
♪♪
[pills rattle]
[coffee maker gurgling]
[coffee maker hissing]
[etherial music]
♪♪
[plate clangs]
[lock clicking]
[eerie music]
♪♪
- Mom. thanks.
But I gave you that key
for emergencies.
Not to clean up after me.
okay?
I love you.
Call me when you get this.
[eerie music]
♪♪
[etherial music]
- [TV] Get away from here.
[indistinct speech]
Let her go!
You know fire
and oil don't mix.
If you don't like it.
get out.
Hey!
[crunching]
[eerie music builds]
♪♪
[thud]
[stringed music]
♪♪
♪ Don't avoid my love♪
♪ From your true salvation♪
♪ In your fortress. fortress♪
♪ Let me in your fortress...♪♪
♪ We were alone in the cove♪
♪ It's just me. you.
And your call♪
♪ Pass it along
Boy by boy♪
♪ And when you see♪
♪ You belong to me...♪♪
- Jesus Christ.
[gasps]
Oh fuck!
[music ends]
[groans]
- Okay.
[grunting]
Fuck this.
[phone ringing]
- Hey. it's PJ.
Drop a line.
I'll hit you back.
[beep]
- Fuck. PJ.
I did it.
And you were right.
The weed store was
the perfect spot.
All cash score.
Shit thing is
you didn't warn me
about the rented cop
at the jewelry store
next door.
I took care of him.
but he got me good. man.
I need you to come meet me
at the place
we used to play after school.
Please. hurry.
- Hey. you.
stop or I'll shoot!
[gun shots]
- [gasps]
[phone clicking]
[phone ringing]
Come on. man.
Pick the goddamn phone.
- Hey. it's PJ.
Drop a line.
I'll hit you back.
- PJ. it's me again.
Fucking pick up. man.
I'm not messing around.
I'm not doing well.
There's a lot of blood.
Look. man. I--
I just need you to come
as fast as you can. okay.
Just hurry
[distant growls]
[shouts]
[eerie music]
♪♪
[groans]
- Hey. it's PJ.
Drop a line.
I'll hit you back.
[beep]
- PJ.
I-- I don't think
I'm gonna make it. man.
When you get this.
I need you to take the money
and give my cut to my mom.
You'll do that for me.
won't you?
She's gonna get kicked
out of her house.
I just need you to do this
one last thing for me. please.
I'll see you down the road.
[phone disconnects]
[gun clicks]
[exhales]
[phone ringing]
- Hey. Mama.
- Hey. baby.
- How are you?
- I'm okay.
Mom had to hear your voice.
is all.
Really.
the only reason I called.
- I'm really glad you did.
It's really good to hear
your voice.
- I hope you're good.
I thought I might be
bothering you
or interrupting something.
maybe.
- No.
- So. how are you?
- I'm okay.
Been better.
- Oh. haven't we all?
- Yeah.
- Oh. I got some good news.
The landlord told me
my disability
finally came through.
It means I can stay here.
Isn't that just a blessing?
- Yeah.
Best...
[eerie music]
♪♪
- [distorted] Tabitha.
- Fuck.
Oh man. did I die?
- [distorted] Yes.
You're dead.
- No.
- Yes.
It's time.
- No. please.
- Are you okay?
[chuckles]
[indistinct speech]
- Are you okay?
- [screams]
- Tabitha. come out.
Your daddy's there.
Come and see this.
- No. no. no.
No!
[somber music]
♪♪
[door closes]
[police siren chirping]
[mother grunting. groaning]
[heart beating]
- Okay.
One last push
and you're there.
[groans]
- Wait. she's hemorrhaging.
[baby cries]
- Time of death. 9:19 p.m.
[gasps]
- Fuck.
- Deep breaths. sis.
- I can't do this. Maia.
Pregnancy is miserable.
- Pregnancy is beautiful.
I felt like
a voluptuous goddess.
If the stars had aligned.
I would have just kept
having babies forever.
And childbirth.
it's so sensual.
- Yeah. I saw you shit
on the birthing table.
- [coughs]
- Motherhood's terrifying.
How am I gonna know
what to do?
How did you know what to do?
- You were with me every
step of the way with Sophie.
And you loved it.
You know.
I don't think you're actually
afraid of motherhood.
I think that the trauma
of Mom's death.
it's just blocked you
from ever thinking
you could want it.
And now is the perfect
time to heal
and move past that.
We've gotten through this
together before.
We can do it again.
- You guys are so weird.
- What about this mysterious
baby daddy?
- I don't know much about him.
- Is he handsome?
Tell us about that night.
please.
- Hmm. okay um.
I spotted Caz outside the bar
and there was just
something about him.
♪ Still not gone
I'm here to stay♪
♪ You really thought
you'd run away♪
♪ Don't avoid my love♪
♪ I'm your one true salvation
From above♪
♪ In your fortress. fortress♪
♪ Let me in your fortress♪
♪ Soldier. stand down♪
♪ There's no chance♪
♪ We're meant for each other♪
♪ It's love♪
♪ Affection truly one-sided♪
- Wait. he bit your neck?
- Nibbled.
- But the baby could still turn
with the umbilical cord
connection?
- Come on. Soph. stop.
- Is it normal to feel so dizzy
and nauseous all the time?
Eating is the only thing
that makes me feel better
and it's the last thing
I wanna do.
- That sounds normal to me.
But keep track of your symptoms
and we can have a doctor
check you out.
[retching]
[sighs]
No.
No. it's chewing it's way out!
[eerie music]
♪♪
They said every thing's fine
except for an iron deficiency.
The doctor says I should
drink bone broth daily.
No. it's okay.
I'll pick some up
on my way home.
[groans]
[ominous music]
♪♪
[door creaks open]
- Amara?
We stopped by
to check on you.
- Gross!
- Ssh.
Go clean that up.
- [scoffs]
- Amara. where are you?
I mean. what is this
occult bullshit
you're filling your head with?
"Week 39.
"The visions of blood. biting.
and violence are getting worse.
What's happening to me?"
- [Sophie groans]
[ominous music]
♪♪
[Sophie groans]
- Sophie. are you okay?
See sis. you're an old pro
at this maternal stuff.
Jesus. Amara!
You look terrible.
- I'm really scared. Maia.
Something isn't right.
It feels like something's
taking control.
I have to keep pushing it down
just to feel like myself.
- You'll be okay.
Let's get you cleaned up.
- [groaning]
[heartbeat]
- Are the EMTs coming?
- Yes. I see them.
- Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
[Amara groaning]
- Placental abruption.
Ma'am. please give us
some space.
- [Amara groaning]
[heartbeat slowing]
- Baby is in
respiratory distress.
I need to give him to the rig.
- [Sophie crying]
[distant bite]
[EMT 4 screams]
[groans]
- [Maia gasps]
[eerie music]
♪♪
- She's eternally pregnant.
[door opens]
- I'm back.
[chuckles]
[humming]
Come.
Meet your little brother.
- I made him something.
[eerie music]
♪♪
- It's beautiful.
He's going to grove up
to be the best little boy.
[baby cries]
- Ssh.
♪ We're meant for each other♪
♪ It's love♪
♪ Affection truly one-sided♪
♪ Still not gone
I'm here to stay♪
♪ You really thought
You ran away♪
♪ Don't avoid my love♪
♪ I'm your one true salvation
From above♪
[music ends]
[eerie music]
♪♪
♪ We're meant for each other♪
♪ It's love♪
♪ Affection truly one-sided♪
♪ Fortress. fortress♪
♪ Let me in your fortress♪
♪ Soldier. stand down♪
♪ There's no chance♪
♪ We're meant for each other♪
♪ It's love♪
♪ Affection truly one-sided♪
♪ In your fortress. fortress♪
♪ Let me in your fortress♪
♪ In your fortress♪
♪ Soldier. stand down♪
♪ There's no chance♪
[humming]
♪ Still not gone
I'm here to stay♪
♪ Really thought to run away♪
♪ Don't avoid my love♪
♪ I'm your one true salvation♪
♪ From your fortress. fortress♪
♪ Let me in your fortress♪
♪ Soldier. stand down♪
♪ There is no chance♪
♪ We're meant for each other♪
♪ It is love♪
♪ Affection truly one-sided♪
♪ Fortress. fortress♪
♪ Let me in your fortress♪
♪ Soldier. stand down♪
♪ There is no chance♪
♪ We're meant for each other♪
♪ I'm your one true salvation♪
♪ From above♪
♪ In your fortress. fortress♪
♪ Let me in your fortress♪
♪ Soldier. stand down♪
♪ There is no chance♪
♪ We're meant for each other♪
♪ It's love♪
♪ Affection truly one-sided♪
♪ In your fortress♪
♪ Fortress♪
♪ Let me in your fortress♪
♪ Soldier. stand down♪
♪ Don't avoid my love♪
♪ I'm your one true salvation♪
♪ From above♪
♪ In your fortress.
fortress♪
♪ Let me in your fortress♪
♪ Soldier. stand down♪
♪ There is no chance♪
♪ We're made for each other♪
♪ It's love♪
♪ Affection truly one-sided♪
♪ In your fortress. fortress♪
♪ Let me in your fortress♪
♪ Soldier. stand down♪
♪ There is no chance♪
♪ We're meant for each other♪
♪ It's love♪
♪ Still not gone
I'm here to stay♪
♪ You really thought
you've run away♪
♪ Don't avoid my love♪
♪ I'm your one true salvation
from above♪
♪ In your fortress. fortress♪
♪ Let me in your fortress♪
♪ Soldier. stand down♪
♪ There's no chance♪
♪ We're meant for each other♪
♪ It's love♪
♪ Affection truly one-sided♪♪
[music ends]
[eerie music]
♪♪
- Is it for me?